Mobile Messaging App:
    Privacy: Be able to message securely 
    with steganography tech to hide messages
    within photos. Security Mode where you will
    be able to lock the images if anyone ever 
    goes through your phone. Messaging servers 
    can be hosted by clients to keep the network 
    safer. any old chats you want you would have to 
    hold storage it locally on your device. (NOT ME OR ANYONE)


    Photo Message sending Features: Images will have features you can add
    before sending them, images break differently depending
    on the mode you have for them. Avatars can pop out of the Photo
    in different ways.  

    Immersion: build a avatar and use them as your online user
    and have actual animation and engagement. Ex: photo message App
    could be split like a Nintndo DS where the top is the message 
    and the bottom half of the screen is your avatar with the other 
    persons avatar walking, going for a run, sitting in a custom room.
    customize it so it'll be able to go based on the day so if it's night then
    it's night in the avatars world. Eventually make avatar's --(work)-- anytime 
    you open the app the avatar will be on break from a set of jobs it'll show the 
    character. and it'll show them on the phone and when you scroll to the messages itll
    have the UI change with an Animation as if your character got transported to another 
    virtual world where you are chatting with someone else.


    Freedom: Be able to create payment bots to 
    pay someone in cryptocurrency. it can start with XYO 
    the avatar's get paid in a little bit of XYO.
    to put simply, everytime you open the app throughout the 
    day, itll produce XYO into your avatar's wallet. you will be 
    able to eventually withdraw it but within this world will be 
    real lending & borrowing protocols. 

    Community: Everyone gets together to unlock new protocols. 
    depending on activity in engagement and volume in cryptocurrency;
    itll make it so there will be certain threshold of cryptocurrency to
    send back & forth to unlock perpetuals that are staking and not get 
    exposed as bad with the XYO you earned by just using the app.





